Dico README
Copyright (C) 2008 Sergey Poznyakoff

* Introduction

This file contains brief information about configuring, testing
and running Dico. Presently this (and the source files) is the only
source of documentation about the project. Proper documentation will
be supplied as soon as the project reaches beta status.

* Overview

Dico is an implementation of DICT server (RFC 2229).  It is fully
modular: the daemon itself (dictd) provides only the server
functionality, but it knows nothing about database formats.  Actual
searches are performed by functions supplied in loadable modules.  A
single module can serve one or more databases. 

The package includes several modules for searching in different
dictionary databases, among them a module for dict.org databases and a
module for databases in Emacs "outline" format.

A module for lookups in Jim Breen's Kanjidic and Edict databases will
be added in future.

* What's in a name?

Dico is informal French for "Dictionary".  It is pronounced "Deekoh",
with stress on the last syllable.

* Current state

The dictd daemon is completely implemented. It provides all the
functionality required by RFC 2229, except for SASL commands.

The package comes with the following database modules:

- dictorg
 This module handles databases in dict.org format.

- guile
 An abstract layer for interfacing with database modules written in
 Guile.
 
- outline
 Support for databases in Emacs outline format. This module is
 designed mostly as an example and for testing purposes.

* Building

As usual:

 $ ./configure
 $ make

See INSTALL for the generic configure instructions.
 
* Bug reporting.		

Send bug reports to <gray@gnu.org.ua>. 


* Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2008 Sergey Poznyakoff

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.


Local Variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
version-control: never
End:

